README.md, before:

# Ruby Training

Learn Ruby, through solving problems.

### Headache before Aspirin

To get the most out of this training, you must follow a golden rule: wait until you have the headache, before reaching for the aspirin.

In practice, this means avoiding [clicking](http://faceofdisapproval.com/) on [tempting links](http://faceofdisapproval.com/), such as those listed in the "Useful links" section of each exercise, until you really need them.

It's easy to get stuck in a rabbit hole when learning to program, and every article you read leads to every other article – it's overwhelming. For this training, avoid following the rabbit hole. There's zero credit for extra reading. In fact, there's extra credit, the less reading you do – unless you really need it.

### Exercises

1. [Calculator](./1) will train you in irb, variables, functions, and constants.
2. [Greeter](./2) will train you in I/O, and String methods.

### Extra practice

1. [Calculator B](./extra/1B) will give you practice at the topics covered in [Calculator](./1).
2. [Calculator C](./extra/1C) will give you practice at the topics covered in [Calculator](./1).
3. [Calculator D](./extra/1D) will give you practice at the topics covered in [Calculator](./1).

Commit message:

Add third exercise to train flow-of-control

README.md, after:

# Ruby Training

Learn Ruby, through solving problems.

### Headache before Aspirin

To get the most out of this training, you must follow a golden rule: wait until you have the headache, before reaching for the aspirin.

In practice, this means avoiding [clicking](http://faceofdisapproval.com/) on [tempting links](http://faceofdisapproval.com/), such as those listed in the "Useful links" section of each exercise, until you really need them.

It's easy to get stuck in a rabbit hole when learning to program, and every article you read leads to every other article – it's overwhelming. For this training, avoid following the rabbit hole. There's zero credit for extra reading. In fact, there's extra credit, the less reading you do – unless you really need it.

### Exercises

1. [Calculator](./1) will train you in irb, variables, functions, and constants.
2. [Greeter](./2) will train you in I/O, and String methods.
3. [Fizzbuzz](./3) will train you in conditional flow of control.

### Extra practice

1. [Calculator B](./extra/1B) will give you practice at the topics covered in [Calculator](./1).
2. [Calculator C](./extra/1C) will give you practice at the topics covered in [Calculator](./1).
3. [Calculator D](./extra/1D) will give you practice at the topics covered in [Calculator](./1).
